---
title: "25/08/2021"
date: "2021-08-19T11:57:32.169Z"
description: finish brushcutting and clearing vegetation from around the fence line and remove any remaining vegetation from the fence
meeting_time: 10am
meeting_point_description: At the entrance in Burwood Avenue
meeting_point_what3words: tune.then.global
---

The main task for the day will be to finish brushcutting and clearing vegetation from around the fence line and remove any remaining vegetation from the fence itself. The area around and in the Stock Gate may also need brushcutting and raking in anticipation of the sheep arriving on the next day Thursday 26th August.

Some other tasks may also need doing but as we will be working in the area we should take the opportunity of measuring how much wood will be needed to renovate the steps leading down from the bottom of the field to Burwood Avenue. Seven steps need replacing and some additional steps could also perhaps be installed to make the path safer. The intention is also to install boards either side of the steps to stabilize the surface and prevent grass growing over them as well as mud washing down from the field. Once the steps have been renovated they will be surfaced with the limestone scalpings which have already been delivered to the top of the steps and ideally the renovation work needs to be completed early autumn before the wet winter weather sets in.  

### Please note:

Although the Government has relaxed all Covid-19 regulations as the Delta variant is still spreading please would you continue to bring your own gloves and tools (shears and loppers) if you have them but as usual a selection of FoF tools will be available for those who need them. Please would you also bring your own wipes and hand gel as well as your own refreshments. Please also remember to wear long trousers/jeans and not shorts to avoid getting bitten by ticks but tick removers are available in FoF’s First Aid kit if you do unfortunately get bitten.

### Advanced Notice:

We have been asked to organize a Corporate Work Day for volunteers from a company called the LexisNexis Risk Solutions Group which is based in Sutton and the event has provisionally been arranged for Wednesday 29th September 2021. More details to follow nearer the time but in the meantime please would you put this date in your diaries as it would be great to have as many FoF members as possible at the work day to support the volunteers.

Croydon Conservation Volunteers (CCV) will also be joining us on Sunday 10th October to help with any tasks we have scheduled for that work day so another date for your diaries.   