---
title: "11/07/2021"
date: "2021-07-05T22:40:32.169Z"
description: Strim and cut back vegetation growing across or hanging over the bottom path
---

## What we're doing

The main task for the day will be to strim and cut back vegetation growing across or hanging over the bottom path. On the last work day the top path from Woodland Way to the start of Sherwood Oaks Field as well as part of the middle path and some of the secondary paths leading off the top path were cleared of vegetation but there is still some work to be done along the middle path and some other secondary paths may also need clearing time permitting.

A small tree has also fallen across one of the paths leading round the back of the Charcoal Glade. Following the path down from the Charcoal Glade to the Ancient Yew tree and then turning right after a short distance the path then forks. Following the left fork the tree is located only a few yards along the path. It is a small tree which can be easily stepped over and has no branches/brash to worry about and could be removed using bowsaws but chainsawing would be easier.

### Please note:
As we will still be continuing to comply with the usual Covid-19 Health & Safety regulations please would you bring your own gloves and tools with you (shears and loppers) if you have them but a selection of FoF tools will be available for those who need them. Please would you also bring your own wipes and hand gel as well as your own refreshments.

## Meeting point:
At the entrance in Burwood Avenue

What 3 Words Location:  https://w3w.co/tune.then.global

## Time:
10am