---
title: "27/10/2021 (Wednesday)"
date: "2021-10-24T11:57:32.169Z"
description: Renovating the steps leading up from Burwood Avenue to the kissing gate where the limestone scalpings are located
meeting_time: 10am
meeting_point_description: At the entrance in Burwood Avenue
meeting_point_what3words: tune.then.global
---

We will be meeting at 10.00 a.m. at the entrance in Burwood Avenue and the task for the day will be to renovate the steps leading up from Burwood Avenue to the kissing gate where the limestone scalpings are located. The work will also involve putting boarding along the field side of the steps to prevent soil etc. washing down on to the steps as well as surfacing the steps with the limestone scalpings. Andrew has ordered the wood and will cut it to size ready for installation on the day.   

This will be a major task but time permitting we may also be able to cut back and remove vegetation encroaching the Junipers in the Juniper compound located in Sherwood Glade as well as the other compound and deer fenced areas located nearby. 

### Please note:

Although the Government has relaxed all Covid-19 regulations as the Delta variant is still spreading please would you continue to bring your own gloves and tools (shears, loppers and a spade) if you have them. As the timber is to be fixed with nails I will be bringing some hammers with me as well as three club hammers, three spades and two mattocks and a selection of FoF tools will also be available for those who need them. Please would you also bring your own wipes and hand gel as well as your own refreshments. Please also remember to wear long trousers/jeans and not shorts to avoid getting bitten by ticks but tick removers are available in FoF’s First Aid kit if you do unfortunately get bitten.

### Advanced Notice: 

Our November Sunday work day will be held on the third Sunday 21st November as the second Sunday clashes with Remembrance Sunday and some of us like to attend the 1.30 p.m. service held at the RAF Kenley Tribute on Kenley Airfield.