---
title: "12/09/2021 (Sunday)"
date: "2021-09-06T21:53:32.169Z"
description: Strim and rake Charcoal and Sherwood Glade
meeting_time: 10am
meeting_point_description: at the entrance in Woodland Way
meeting_point_what3words: loves.final.needed
---

The first task for the day will be to strim and rake the Charcoal Glade as well as generally tidy the area as it will be used as the meeting place for the LexisNexis corporate work day scheduled for the end of the month. After that we will then strim and rake Sherwood Glade but perhaps leave the cutting back of any vegetation encroaching the Junipers in the Juniper compound as well as those located near the Butterfly Glade as a reserve task for the volunteers to do.

An update was received this morning and the number of volunteers is currently eleven and the tasks planned for them is to help with the brushcutting and raking of the Juniper Glade and the glade next to it, cutting back any vegetation encroaching the Junipers and re-staking the deer fencing if necessary. There are also some logs stacked nearby which the volunteers can help move to the Firewood Bagging Area. In view of the number of volunteers we may need to think of some other tasks in order to keep them fully occupied during the day as mentioned above.       

As we will be working in Sherwood Glade we should also measure the wood needed to renovate the steps leading down from the bottom of the field to Burwood Avenue. When checking the sheep I counted 12 steps which may need renovating/replacing and boards are also to be installed either side of the steps to stabilize the surface to prevent grass growing over them and mud washing down from the field. Once renovated the steps will be surfaced using the pile of limestone scalpings located at the top of the steps and ideally the work will need to be carried out In October before the wet winter weather sets in.  

### Please note:

Although the Government has relaxed all Covid-19 regulations as the Delta variant is still spreading please would you continue to bring your own gloves and tools (shears and loppers) if you have them but as usual a selection of FoF tools will be available for those who need them. Please would you also bring your own wipes and hand gel as well as your own refreshments. Please also remember to wear long trousers/jeans and not shorts to avoid getting bitten by ticks but tick removers are available in FoF’s First Aid kit if you do unfortunately get bitten..

Please would you kindly let me know if you’ll be able to make the work day – many thanks.

### Advanced Notice:

We have been asked to organize a Corporate Work Day for volunteers from a company called the LexisNexis Risk Solutions Group which is based in Sutton and the event has been arranged for **Wednesday 29th September 2021**. More details to follow nearer the time but in the meantime please would you put this date in your diaries as it would be great to have as many FoF members as possible at the work day to support the volunteers.

Croydon Conservation Volunteers (CCV) will also be joining us on **Sunday 10th October** to help with any tasks we have scheduled for that work day so another date for your diaries.   