---
title: "29/09/2021 (Wednesday)"
date: "2021-09-24T11:57:32.169Z"
description: Raking and cutting back vegitation around Junipers and felling.
meeting_time: 10am
meeting_point_description: at the entrance in Woodland Way
meeting_point_what3words: loves.final.needed
---

The above work day will be the LexisNexis Risk Solutions Group Corporate Work Day and 11 volunteers from the Group will be joining FoF for the day. The plan is for the volunteers to arrive at the entrance in Woodland Way at 09.30 a.m. for a 10.00 a.m. start so some FoF members will need to be at the entrance about 09.00 a.m. to meet and greet any early arrivals.
 
On arrival the volunteers will be given a Health & Safety and Safe Working briefing at the Charcoal Glade and whilst that is being done Andrew and Bill will be brushcutting the Juniper Glade and the glade next to it ready for raking by the volunteers who will also cut back any vegetation encroaching the Junipers as well as re-stake as may be necessary the deer fencing protecting the Junipers. Bill has already brushcut 15m of the Juniper Glade so the volunteers will be able to start work immediately they arrive on site following the briefing.

The intention is split the volunteers into two teams and while one team is raking etc. the other team will help move felled timber stacked around the wood to either the Firewood Bagging Area or to a site close to the top path ready to be moved at a later date to the bagging area. Once the first glade is raked etc. the teams will then swop over tasks and depending on how the work progresses we may also decide to brushcut and rake Sherwood Glade and clear the vegetation from the Juniper compounds located there or some other tasks which may need doing on the day.

The volunteers will have been given a copy of the Risk Assessment prepared for the event as well as other information regarding the arrangements for the day and will therefore be wearing suitable clothing and footwear and will be bringing their own work gloves, refreshments, wipes and hand gel etc.

The event is scheduled to finish at 16.00 p.m.

 

### Please note:

In compliance with Heath & Safety Regulations FoF members must make sure the volunteers keep at least 15m distance away from Andrew and Bill whilst they are carrying out brushcutting work.

Although the Government has relaxed all Covid-19 regulations as the Delta variant is still spreading please would you continue to bring your own gloves and tools (shears, loppers and a spade) if you have them. As the timber is to be fixed with nails I will be bringing some hammers with me as well as three club hammers, three spades and two mattocks and a selection of FoF tools will also be available for those who need them. Please would you also bring your own wipes and hand gel as well as your own refreshments. Please also remember to wear long trousers/jeans and not shorts to avoid getting bitten by ticks but tick removers are available in FoF’s First Aid kit if you do unfortunately get bitten.

### Advanced Notice: 

The Croydon Conservation Volunteers (CCV) will be joining us on our next work day Sunday 10th October to help with various tasks scheduled for that day. More details to follow nearer the time. 