---
title: "10/10/2021 (Sunday)"
date: "2021-10-01T11:57:32.169Z"
description: Clearing bramble and other weeds from the three Butterfly Scrapes along the bottom path and planting wildflowers.
meeting_time: 10am
meeting_point_description: At the entrance in Burwood Avenue
meeting_point_what3words: tune.then.global
---

Nicola Hunt and a team of volunteers from the Croydon Conservation Volunteers (CCV) will be joining us for the day and the plan is to meet at 10.00 a.m. at the Burwood Avenue entrance and the first task will be to clear bramble and other weeds from the three Butterfly Scrapes located along the bottom path either by strimming or using mattocks - removing the bramble roots if possible would be best. The 36 native wildflower plants purchased from the Downlands Partnership Grazing Officer Sean Grufferty will then be planted in the scrapes.

Other tasks planned for the day will involve cutting back and removing vegetation encroaching the Junipers in the Juniper compound located in Sherwood Glade as well as the other compound and deer fenced areas located nearby. Time permitting we will also strim and rake the scalloped path leading down from Sherwood Glade to the bottom path.  

### Please note:

Although the Government has relaxed all Covid-19 regulations as the Delta variant is still spreading please would you continue to bring your own gloves and tools (shears, loppers and a spade) if you have them. As the timber is to be fixed with nails I will be bringing some hammers with me as well as three club hammers, three spades and two mattocks and a selection of FoF tools will also be available for those who need them. Please would you also bring your own wipes and hand gel as well as your own refreshments. Please also remember to wear long trousers/jeans and not shorts to avoid getting bitten by ticks but tick removers are available in FoF’s First Aid kit if you do unfortunately get bitten.

### Advanced Notice: 

Our November Sunday work day will be held on the third Sunday 21st November as the second Sunday clashes with Remembrance Sunday and some of us like to attend the 1.30 p.m. service held at the RAF Kenley Tribute on Kenley Airfield.